Add cluster wide resources to Asset Store (#2823)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/asset-store/docs/06-03-clusterasset.md

| **spec.source.mutationwebhookservice.namespace** |    **NO**   | Provides the Namespace in which the service is available. It must be the same as the asset's Namespace. |
| **spec.source.mutationwebhookservice.endpoint** |    **NO**   | Specifies the endpoint to which the service sends calls. |
| **spec.source.mutationwebhookservice.metadata** |    **NO**   | Provides detailed metadata specific for a given mutation service and its functionality. |
| **spec.bucketref.name** |    **YES**   | Provides the name of the bucket for storing the asset. |
| **status.phase** |    **Not applicable**   | The Asset Controller adds it to the Asset CR. It describes the status of processing the Asset CR by the Asset Controller. It can be `Ready`, `Failed`, or `Pending`. |
| **status.reason** |    **Not applicable**   | Provides the reason why the Asset CR processing failed or is pending.  |
| **status.message** |    **Not applicable**   | Describes a human-readable message on the CR processing progress, success, or failure. |
| **status.lastheartbeattime** |    **Not applicable**   | Provides the last time when the Asset Controller processed the Asset CR. |

> | **status.observedGeneration** |    **Not applicable**   | The generation observed by the ClusterAsset Controller. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **status.observedGeneration** |    **Not applicable**   | Specifies the most recent generation that the ClusterAsset Controller observes. |
```
